`Link::Standalone`: Update font-weight (HDS-2437) (#1617)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/button/partials/code/how-to-use.md

The Button component is used to trigger an action or event. For accessibility, Buttons should not be used to route to a URL; use a [Link](/components/link/standalone) instead.

!!! Info

> Due to diferences in text rendering between Figma and web browsers, the `Button` and `Link::Standalone` Ember components use font-weight 400 vs. the Figma components which use font-weight 500.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to diferences in text rendering between Figma and web browsers, the `Button` Ember component uses `font-weight` 400 vs. the Figma component which uses `font-weight` 500.
```
